README.md, before:

# dLNk Attack Platform v2.0

**AI-Powered Automated Penetration Testing System**

A sophisticated, fully automated penetration testing framework powered by AI (Mixtral LLM) that can discover vulnerabilities, plan attacks, generate exploits, and exfiltrate data autonomously.

---

## 🎯 Features

### Core Capabilities
- **100+ Attack Agents** - SQL Injection, XSS, Command Injection, SSRF, Authentication Bypass, Zero-Day Discovery, and more
- **AI-Powered Planning** - Mixtral LLM analyzes targets and creates custom attack strategies
- **Automated Workflows** - Pre-configured attack workflows for different scenarios
- **Data Exfiltration** - Automatically extract sensitive files and data from compromised systems
- **Real-time Monitoring** - WebSocket-based live updates and progress tracking
- **Multi-Channel Notifications** - Email, Telegram, Discord alerts for findings
- **Comprehensive Reporting** - HTML, JSON, Markdown reports with detailed findings

### Attack Categories
- **Web Application** - SQLi, XSS, SSRF, IDOR/BOLA, Authentication Bypass
- **API Security** - REST/GraphQL fuzzing, Authorization testing
- **Active Directory** - Kerberoasting, Pass-the-Hash, Golden Ticket, Zerologon
- **Cloud Security** - AWS, Azure, GCP exploitation
- **Network** - Port scanning, Service enumeration, Vulnerability scanning
- **Post-Exploitation** - Privilege escalation, Lateral movement, Persistence

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- **Ubuntu/Debian/WSL** (recommended)
- **Python 3.8+**
- **PostgreSQL** (for database)
- **Ollama** with **mixtral:latest** model (for AI features)
- **Docker** (optional, for containerized deployment)

### Installation

#### For Linux/Ubuntu:

```bash
# Clone repository
git clone https://github.com/donlasahachat1-sys/manus.git
cd manus

# Run quick start script
./quickstart.sh
```

#### For WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux):

```bash
# Clone repository
git clone https://github.com/donlasahachat1-sys/manus.git
cd manus

# Run WSL fix script first
./wsl-fix.sh

# Then run quick start
./quickstart.sh
```

**Note:** If you encounter issues on WSL, see [WSL_INSTALLATION_GUIDE.md](WSL_INSTALLATION_GUIDE.md) for detailed troubleshooting.

The script will:
1. Create Python virtual environment
2. Install dependencies
3. Check for Ollama and mixtral model
4. Create .env configuration
5. Initialize database
6. Generate admin API key

### Manual Installation

```bash
# Create virtual environment
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate

# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements-full.txt

# Copy and edit configuration
cp env.template .env
nano .env

# Initialize system
python3 startup.py
```

---

## 🔧 Configuration

Edit `.env` file with your settings:

```bash
# Core Settings
SIMULATION_MODE=False  # False = Live Attack Mode
DATABASE_URL=postgresql://user:pass@localhost:5432/dlnk_dlnk

# Ollama LLM
OLLAMA_HOST=http://localhost:11434
OLLAMA_MODEL=mixtral:latest
LLM_PROVIDER=ollama

# Workspace
WORKSPACE_DIR=workspace
LOOT_DIR=workspace/loot

# Notifications (optional)
NOTIFICATION_CHANNELS=email,telegram,discord
SMTP_HOST=smtp.gmail.com
SMTP_USERNAME=your-email@gmail.com
SMTP_PASSWORD=your-app-password
TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN=your-bot-token
DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL=your-webhook-url
```

---

## 🎮 Usage

### Start API Server

```bash
# Using run script
./run.sh

# Or manually
source venv/bin/activate
python3 api/main.py
```

API will be available at:
- **API:** http://localhost:8000
- **Docs:** http://localhost:8000/docs
- **Admin Key:** See `ADMIN_KEY.txt`

### API Examples

#### 1. Start Full Auto Attack

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8000/api/attack/start \
  -H "X-API-Key: YOUR_API_KEY" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "target_url": "http://testphp.vulnweb.com",
    "attack_type": "full_auto"
  }'
```

#### 2. Check Attack Status

```bash
curl http://localhost:8000/api/attack/{attack_id}/status \
  -H "X-API-Key: YOUR_API_KEY"
```

#### 3. Get Attack Results

```bash
curl http://localhost:8000/api/attack/{attack_id}/results \
  -H "X-API-Key: YOUR_API_KEY"
```

#### 4. List Exfiltrated Files

```bash
curl http://localhost:8000/api/files/attack/{attack_id} \
  -H "X-API-Key: YOUR_API_KEY"
```

#### 5. Generate Report

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8000/api/attack/{attack_id}/report \
  -H "X-API-Key: YOUR_API_KEY" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"format": "html"}'
```

### Attack Types

- **full_auto** - Complete automated attack (scan → exploit → post-exploit)
- **scan** - Vulnerability scanning only
- **exploit** - Exploitation phase only
- **post_exploit** - Post-exploitation activities
- **zero_day_hunt** - AI-powered zero-day discovery
- **sql_injection** - SQL injection testing
- **xss** - XSS vulnerability testing
- **command_injection** - Command injection testing

---

## 🐳 Docker Deployment

```bash
# Build and start all services
docker-compose up -d

# View logs
docker-compose logs -f

# Stop services
docker-compose down
```

Services:
- **API Server:** http://localhost:8000
- **PostgreSQL:** localhost:5432
- **Ollama:** http://localhost:11434

---

## 📊 System Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                     API Layer (FastAPI)                     │
│  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  │
│  │  Auth    │  │  Attack  │  │  Admin   │  │  Files   │  │
│  │  Routes  │  │  Routes  │  │  Routes  │  │  Routes  │  │
│  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                            │
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    Service Layer                            │
│  ┌──────────────┐  ┌──────────────┐  ┌──────────────┐     │
│  │   Attack     │  │    Agent     │  │     Tool     │     │
│  │   Manager    │  │   Executor   │  │   Verifier   │     │
│  └──────────────┘  └──────────────┘  └──────────────┘     │
│  ┌──────────────┐  ┌──────────────┐  ┌──────────────┐     │
│  │ Notification │  │   Database   │  │   WebSocket  │     │
│  │   Service    │  │   Service    │  │   Manager    │     │
│  └──────────────┘  └──────────────┘  └──────────────┘     │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                            │
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    Core Layer                               │
│  ┌──────────────┐  ┌──────────────┐  ┌──────────────┐     │
│  │  AI Attack   │  │   Enhanced   │  │     LLM      │     │
│  │  Strategist  │  │  AI Planner  │  │   Provider   │     │
│  └──────────────┘  └──────────────┘  └──────────────┘     │
│  ┌──────────────┐  ┌──────────────┐  ┌──────────────┐     │
│  │ Orchestrator │  │   Workflow   │  │  Vulnerability│     │
│  │              │  │   Executor   │  │   Analyzer   │     │
│  └──────────────┘  └──────────────┘  └──────────────┘     │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                            │
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                   Agent Layer (100+ Agents)                 │
│  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  │
│  │ SQLMap   │  │   XSS    │  │ Command  │  │ Zero-Day │  │
│  │  Agent   │  │  Hunter  │  │ Injection│  │  Hunter  │  │
│  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  │
│  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  │
│  │   Auth   │  │   SSRF   │  │   BOLA   │  │   Data   │  │
│  │  Bypass  │  │  Agent   │  │  Agent   │  │ Exfiltrator│ │
│  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  │
│                      ... and 90+ more                       │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

---

## ⚠️ Legal Disclaimer

**THIS TOOL IS FOR AUTHORIZED SECURITY TESTING ONLY**

- ✅ **Authorized Use:** Bug bounty programs, penetration testing with written permission, your own systems
- ❌ **Unauthorized Use:** Attacking systems without permission is **ILLEGAL**

**You are responsible for:**
- Obtaining proper authorization before testing
- Complying with all applicable laws
- Any damage caused by misuse of this tool

**The developers assume NO LIABILITY for misuse of this software.**

---

## 📚 Documentation

- **API Documentation:** http://localhost:8000/docs (when running)
- **DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md:** Complete deployment and configuration guide
- **NEWPLAN.MD:** Development roadmap and features

---

## 🛠️ Development

### Project Structure

```
dlnk_dlnk_FINAL/
├── agents/              # 100+ Attack agents
├── advanced_agents/     # Advanced agents (Zero-Day, XSS, Auth Bypass)
├── api/                 # FastAPI backend
│   ├── routes/         # API endpoints
│   ├── services/       # Business logic
│   └── middleware/     # Rate limiting, etc.
├── config/             # Configuration and workflows
├── core/               # Core systems (AI, Orchestrator, etc.)
├── data_exfiltration/  # Data exfiltration system
├── startup.py          # System initialization
├── quickstart.sh       # Quick start script
└── run.sh              # Run script
```

### Adding New Agents

1. Create agent file in `agents/` or `advanced_agents/`
2. Inherit from base agent class
3. Implement `run()` or `execute()` method
4. Agent will be auto-discovered on startup

Example:

```python
class MyCustomAgent:
    """My custom attack agent"""
    
    def __init__(self, target_url: str, **options):
        self.target_url = target_url
        self.options = options
    
    def run(self):
        # Your attack logic here
        vulnerabilities = []
        
        # ... perform attack ...
        
        return {
            "success": True,
            "vulnerabilities": vulnerabilities
        }
```

---

## 🤝 Contributing

This is a private research project. Contact the repository owner for collaboration opportunities.

---

## 📝 License

This project is for educational and authorized security testing purposes only.

---

## 🔗 Links

- **GitHub:** https://github.com/donlasahachat1-sys/manus
- **Ollama:** https://ollama.ai
- **Mixtral Model:** https://ollama.ai/library/mixtral

---

## 📧 Support

For issues, questions, or feature requests, please open an issue on GitHub.

---

**Built with ❤️ for the security research community**

**Version:** 2.0  
**Last Updated:** October 2025

Commit message:

Remove all 'Apex' references and clarify platform purpose
Critical corrections:
- Changed all 'Apex Predator' references to 'dLNk' throughout the project
- Updated .env.example and .env.production.example (database names, paths, log files)
- Corrected platform description: This is an ATTACK PLATFORM, not a testing tool
- Updated README.md: Changed from 'Penetration Testing System' to 'Attack Platform'
- Clarified purpose: Complete offensive security platform with scanning, exploitation, and data exfiltration
- Updated DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md to reflect accurate platform description
- Strengthened legal disclaimer to emphasize this is an offensive tool requiring explicit authorization
- Fixed all database URLs from apex_predator to dlnk_db
- Updated all workspace paths from /apex_predator/ to /dlnk/

This platform is a full-featured attack system with:
- Network scanning and vulnerability discovery
- Automated attack planning and execution
- System exploitation capabilities
- Data exfiltration functionality
- Complete API, user management, admin panel, and web interface

README.md, after:

# dLNk Attack Platform v2.0

**AI-Powered Automated Attack Platform**

A sophisticated, fully automated offensive security platform powered by AI (Mixtral LLM) that can scan networks, discover vulnerabilities, plan and execute attacks, exploit systems, and exfiltrate data autonomously. Complete with API, user management, admin panel, and web interface.

---

## 🎯 Features

### Core Capabilities
- **100+ Attack Agents** - SQL Injection, XSS, Command Injection, SSRF, Authentication Bypass, Zero-Day Discovery, and more
- **AI-Powered Planning** - Mixtral LLM analyzes targets and creates custom attack strategies
- **Automated Workflows** - Pre-configured attack workflows for different scenarios
- **Data Exfiltration** - Automatically extract sensitive files and data from compromised systems
- **Real-time Monitoring** - WebSocket-based live updates and progress tracking
- **Multi-Channel Notifications** - Email, Telegram, Discord alerts for findings
- **Comprehensive Reporting** - HTML, JSON, Markdown reports with detailed findings

### Attack Categories
- **Web Application** - SQLi, XSS, SSRF, IDOR/BOLA, Authentication Bypass
- **API Security** - REST/GraphQL fuzzing, Authorization testing
- **Active Directory** - Kerberoasting, Pass-the-Hash, Golden Ticket, Zerologon
- **Cloud Security** - AWS, Azure, GCP exploitation
- **Network** - Port scanning, Service enumeration, Vulnerability scanning
- **Post-Exploitation** - Privilege escalation, Lateral movement, Persistence

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- **Ubuntu/Debian/WSL** (recommended)
- **Python 3.8+**
- **PostgreSQL** (for database)
- **Ollama** with **mixtral:latest** model (for AI features)
- **Docker** (optional, for containerized deployment)

### Installation

#### For Linux/Ubuntu:

```bash
# Clone repository
git clone https://github.com/donlasahachat1-sys/manus.git
cd manus

# Run quick start script
./quickstart.sh
```

#### For WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux):

```bash
# Clone repository
git clone https://github.com/donlasahachat1-sys/manus.git
cd manus

# Run WSL fix script first
./wsl-fix.sh

# Then run quick start
./quickstart.sh
```

**Note:** If you encounter issues on WSL, see [WSL_INSTALLATION_GUIDE.md](WSL_INSTALLATION_GUIDE.md) for detailed troubleshooting.

The script will:
1. Create Python virtual environment
2. Install dependencies
3. Check for Ollama and mixtral model
4. Create .env configuration
5. Initialize database
6. Generate admin API key

### Manual Installation

```bash
# Create virtual environment
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate

# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements-full.txt

# Copy and edit configuration
cp env.template .env
nano .env

# Initialize system
python3 startup.py
```

---

## 🔧 Configuration

Edit `.env` file with your settings:

```bash
# Core Settings
SIMULATION_MODE=False  # False = Live Attack Mode
DATABASE_URL=postgresql://user:pass@localhost:5432/dlnk_dlnk

# Ollama LLM
OLLAMA_HOST=http://localhost:11434
OLLAMA_MODEL=mixtral:latest
LLM_PROVIDER=ollama

# Workspace
WORKSPACE_DIR=workspace
LOOT_DIR=workspace/loot

# Notifications (optional)
NOTIFICATION_CHANNELS=email,telegram,discord
SMTP_HOST=smtp.gmail.com
SMTP_USERNAME=your-email@gmail.com
SMTP_PASSWORD=your-app-password
TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN=your-bot-token
DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL=your-webhook-url
```

---

## 🎮 Usage

### Start API Server

```bash
# Using run script
./run.sh

# Or manually
source venv/bin/activate
python3 api/main.py
```

API will be available at:
- **API:** http://localhost:8000
- **Docs:** http://localhost:8000/docs
- **Admin Key:** See `ADMIN_KEY.txt`

### API Examples

#### 1. Start Full Auto Attack

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8000/api/attack/start \
  -H "X-API-Key: YOUR_API_KEY" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "target_url": "http://testphp.vulnweb.com",
    "attack_type": "full_auto"
  }'
```

#### 2. Check Attack Status

```bash
curl http://localhost:8000/api/attack/{attack_id}/status \
  -H "X-API-Key: YOUR_API_KEY"
```

#### 3. Get Attack Results

```bash
curl http://localhost:8000/api/attack/{attack_id}/results \
  -H "X-API-Key: YOUR_API_KEY"
```

#### 4. List Exfiltrated Files

```bash
curl http://localhost:8000/api/files/attack/{attack_id} \
  -H "X-API-Key: YOUR_API_KEY"
```

#### 5. Generate Report

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8000/api/attack/{attack_id}/report \
  -H "X-API-Key: YOUR_API_KEY" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"format": "html"}'
```

### Attack Types

- **full_auto** - Complete automated attack (scan → exploit → post-exploit)
- **scan** - Vulnerability scanning only
- **exploit** - Exploitation phase only
- **post_exploit** - Post-exploitation activities
- **zero_day_hunt** - AI-powered zero-day discovery
- **sql_injection** - SQL injection testing
- **xss** - XSS vulnerability testing
- **command_injection** - Command injection testing

---

## 🐳 Docker Deployment

```bash
# Build and start all services
docker-compose up -d

# View logs
docker-compose logs -f

# Stop services
docker-compose down
```

Services:
- **API Server:** http://localhost:8000
- **PostgreSQL:** localhost:5432
- **Ollama:** http://localhost:11434

---

## 📊 System Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                     API Layer (FastAPI)                     │
│  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  │
│  │  Auth    │  │  Attack  │  │  Admin   │  │  Files   │  │
│  │  Routes  │  │  Routes  │  │  Routes  │  │  Routes  │  │
│  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                            │
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    Service Layer                            │
│  ┌──────────────┐  ┌──────────────┐  ┌──────────────┐     │
│  │   Attack     │  │    Agent     │  │     Tool     │     │
│  │   Manager    │  │   Executor   │  │   Verifier   │     │
│  └──────────────┘  └──────────────┘  └──────────────┘     │
│  ┌──────────────┐  ┌──────────────┐  ┌──────────────┐     │
│  │ Notification │  │   Database   │  │   WebSocket  │     │
│  │   Service    │  │   Service    │  │   Manager    │     │
│  └──────────────┘  └──────────────┘  └──────────────┘     │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                            │
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    Core Layer                               │
│  ┌──────────────┐  ┌──────────────┐  ┌──────────────┐     │
│  │  AI Attack   │  │   Enhanced   │  │     LLM      │     │
│  │  Strategist  │  │  AI Planner  │  │   Provider   │     │
│  └──────────────┘  └──────────────┘  └──────────────┘     │
│  ┌──────────────┐  ┌──────────────┐  ┌──────────────┐     │
│  │ Orchestrator │  │   Workflow   │  │  Vulnerability│     │
│  │              │  │   Executor   │  │   Analyzer   │     │
│  └──────────────┘  └──────────────┘  └──────────────┘     │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                            │
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                   Agent Layer (100+ Agents)                 │
│  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  │
│  │ SQLMap   │  │   XSS    │  │ Command  │  │ Zero-Day │  │
│  │  Agent   │  │  Hunter  │  │ Injection│  │  Hunter  │  │
│  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  │
│  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  │
│  │   Auth   │  │   SSRF   │  │   BOLA   │  │   Data   │  │
│  │  Bypass  │  │  Agent   │  │  Agent   │  │ Exfiltrator│ │
│  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  └──────────┘  │
│                      ... and 90+ more                       │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

---

## ⚠️ Legal Disclaimer

**THIS IS AN OFFENSIVE SECURITY ATTACK PLATFORM**

- ✅ **Authorized Use:** Bug bounty programs, authorized security assessments with written permission, your own systems and networks
- ❌ **Unauthorized Use:** Attacking systems without explicit authorization is **ILLEGAL** and punishable by law

**You are responsible for:**
- Obtaining explicit written authorization before any attack operations
- Complying with all applicable laws and regulations
- Any damage, legal consequences, or liabilities caused by use or misuse of this platform

**The developers assume NO LIABILITY for misuse of this software.**

---

## 📚 Documentation

- **API Documentation:** http://localhost:8000/docs (when running)
- **DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md:** Complete deployment and configuration guide
- **NEWPLAN.MD:** Development roadmap and features

---

## 🛠️ Development

### Project Structure

```
dlnk_dlnk_FINAL/
├── agents/              # 100+ Attack agents
├── advanced_agents/     # Advanced agents (Zero-Day, XSS, Auth Bypass)
├── api/                 # FastAPI backend
│   ├── routes/         # API endpoints
│   ├── services/       # Business logic
│   └── middleware/     # Rate limiting, etc.
├── config/             # Configuration and workflows
├── core/               # Core systems (AI, Orchestrator, etc.)
├── data_exfiltration/  # Data exfiltration system
├── startup.py          # System initialization
├── quickstart.sh       # Quick start script
└── run.sh              # Run script
```

### Adding New Agents

1. Create agent file in `agents/` or `advanced_agents/`
2. Inherit from base agent class
3. Implement `run()` or `execute()` method
4. Agent will be auto-discovered on startup

Example:

```python
class MyCustomAgent:
    """My custom attack agent"""
    
    def __init__(self, target_url: str, **options):
        self.target_url = target_url
        self.options = options
    
    def run(self):
        # Your attack logic here
        vulnerabilities = []
        
        # ... perform attack ...
        
        return {
            "success": True,
            "vulnerabilities": vulnerabilities
        }
```

---

## 🤝 Contributing

This is a private research project. Contact the repository owner for collaboration opportunities.

---

## 📝 License

This project is an offensive security attack platform. Use only with explicit authorization. Educational use must be in controlled, isolated environments.

---

## 🔗 Links

- **GitHub:** https://github.com/donlasahachat1-sys/manus
- **Ollama:** https://ollama.ai
- **Mixtral Model:** https://ollama.ai/library/mixtral

---

## 📧 Support

For issues, questions, or feature requests, please open an issue on GitHub.

---

**Built with ❤️ for the security research community**

**Version:** 2.0  
**Last Updated:** October 2025
